DM-4717 Device Parameter Update SmartREST Static template (#3466)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-2025-210-0-SmartREST-Parameter-Update-Event.md

---

> date: '2025-06-19'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```

Reviewer: Please leave the date field always empty, it will be filled automatically. Only exception: announcements.

title: New SmartREST template for creating parameter update events
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Device management & connectivity
component:
  - value: component-LcWEQW5gs
    label: MQTT
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-4717
version: 2025.210.0
---

> A new SmartREST template has been added. Using the template ID 408, it is now possible to create device parameter update events. The events created will always have the type c8y_ParameterUpdateEvent. It has a change detect functionality, that allows events to be created only if the given state in the event was not already known at the time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new SmartREST template has been added. Using the template ID 408, it is now possible to create device parameter update events. The events created always have the type `c8y_ParameterUpdateEvent`. The template has a change detection functionality, so that events are only created if the given state in the event was not already known at the time. 
```
